You are trying as much as possible, meaning getting out of the
compound and bringing the injured and martyrs from the
entire Khan Yunis governorate. You are working under very difficult and compelling circumstances. So
far, there is no means of communication between us and these cars.
Look, it is not a problem. We are now cut off. There are no
hospitals between us. Are there medical supplies
coming to us? Yes.  This is one of the materials that we lack most
at the moment. Perhaps this means that there will only be one or
two remaining. This car witnessed many martyrs.
We were trying to help them and we were trying to save them
inside this car as much as possible, but
unfortunately many injured martyrs were martyred
and we were on the way to the
hospitals. Hospitals were destroyed and warehouses were destroyed.
Medicines were destroyed, meaning many
ambulances, and many ambulance officers were martyred.
Oh, foolish father. Isn't there such a targeting? We want to go
to it. There is a
targeting in the area. This is at Al-Mujaidah.
Oh, I go out with his car. Oh, at Al-Mujaidah. They say
there is an artillery bombardment. I want you to take precaution. The ban is
not in effect yet.  Hit, oh, God willing, it will be good. May
God bring goodness in it. So, it means that we can
play today. We are trying to
play. It is over. You can turn off
the secret.